Fix Upgrading Che  in restricted environment (#1614)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/examples/che-proc_pulling-images-used-by-che-to-a-private-registry.adoc

  `quay.io/eclipse/che-plugin-metadata-broker`
| Images for adding plug-ins to workspaces. See xref:administration-guide:che-workspaces-architecture.adoc#che-plug-in-broker_{context}[Che plug-ins broker].

| `quay.io/eclipse/che-plugin-registry` 

> | Plug-in registry that store metadata for workspaces. See xref:building-an-offline-plug-in-registry-image_{context}[].

Reviewer: "that stores information about plugins and the runtime containers they require."

Author: ```suggestion
| Plug-in registry that store information about plugins and the runtime containers they require. See xref:building-an-offline-plug-in-registry-image_{context}[].
```

Reviewer: Subject to verb doesn't match here:
> registry that store
should be
... registry that store*s* ...

| `quay.io/eclipse/che-devfile-registry`

> | Devfile registry that store metadata for workspaces. See xref:building-an-offline-devfile-registry-image_{context}[].

Reviewer: "that stores descriptions of the sample projects and how to load them as workspaces via the Getting Started tab in the dashboard"

Author: ```suggestion
| Devfile registry that store descriptions of the sample projects and how to load them as workspaces via the Getting Started tab in the dashboard. See xref:building-an-offline-devfile-registry-image_{context}[].
```

Reviewer: Subject to verb doesn't match here:
> registry that store
should be
... registry that store*s* ...

In the example above, substitute `<my-offline-registry>` for the image name and tag of the custom plug-in registry.

.Devfile base images

> Every {prod-short} workspace uses one or more _base_ images, which contain the development dependencies for projects that are being built. To use the samples, pull these images from the offline devfile registry. This is needed because the sample devfiles included in the devfile registry apply to images suited for this purpose.

Reviewer: > To use the samples, pull these images from the offline devfile registry.

More accurately, "To use the samples, Che will pull these images from the references to them in the devfile registry."

The only difference between the online and offline devfile registry, IIRC, is that one caches the sample projects and uses those zipped copies, whereas the online registry will cause the workspace to downloads from github on the fly when the workspace is instantiated.

Author: ```suggestion
Every {prod-short} workspace uses one or more _base_ images, which contain the development dependencies for projects that are being built. To use the samples, {prod-short} pull these images from the references to them in the devfile registry. This is needed because the sample devfiles included in the devfile registry apply to images suited for this purpose.
```
